Terms and Conditions of Use for referR

This document, hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement,” sets forth the terms and conditions that govern your use of referR, interchangably referred to as the “App”. By accessing or using the App, you, hereinafter referred to as the “User,” agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Purpose of the App

referR is designed and intended to be used as a tool to facilitate the connection of job seekers with referrers and to assist Users (seekers or referrers) in finding each other. 

2. Data Collection, Use, and Security

To achieve the purpose of referR, referR collects and utilizes professional and personal data from its Users which is then analyzed to generate a customized job feed and to improve the services offered. referR maintains strict data security protocols in order to protect the information collected from its Users.

3. Limitation of Liability

referR is provided on an “as is” basis, without any warranties or representations of any kind, either express or implied. referR is a tool for connecting professionals based on their skills and bears no responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the legal or illegal use of the App. referR or any of its associates shall not be held liable for any damages resulting from the use of its services.

4. Changes to these Terms

referR reserves the right to revise these Terms at any time. Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon posting of the revised Terms and sending the appropriate notification to all Users of referR, via the app, web console, notification center or emails.  

5. Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which our company is located, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any disputes arising under or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in that jurisdiction.

Effective Date: Aug 13 2023